[document] Mention poetry.toml (#5492)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/configuration.md

poetry config virtualenvs.create false --local
```

Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,
which is separate from `pyproject.toml`.

> You should not check-in this file into your repository.

Reviewer: not sure if thats true. I would include this into repo.

Author: @finswimmer has written in https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/2937#issuecomment-696312341 :

> The `pyproject.toml` contains information about your package, like metadata and dependencies. Anything that is needed to build the package.
> 
> The `poetry.toml` contains the local configuration of the poetry application. One should not check-in this file into a repository, because these configuration are just personal flavors.

Should I use different wording if this is not *always* true?

Reviewer: oh, didn't know about that. Nevermind then.

> Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,
> which is separate from `pyproject.toml`.
> You should not check-in this file into your repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,
which is separate from `pyproject.toml`.
You should not check-in this file into your repository.
{{% /note %}}
```

poetry config virtualenvs.create false --local
```

{{% note %}}
Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,
which is separate from `pyproject.toml`.

> You should not check-in this file into your repository.

Reviewer 2: This is not entirely true or enforced. I'd reword it to suggest it is recommended not to commit it as it may contain user specific configuration or sensitive information.

Author: reworded!

poetry config virtualenvs.create false --local
```

> {{% note %}}
> Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,
> which is separate from `pyproject.toml`.
> 
> It is recommended you do not check-in this file into your repository
> since it may contain user specific or sensitive information.
> {{% /note %}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,
which is separate from `pyproject.toml`.
{{% /note %}}

{{% warning %}}
Be mindful about checking in this file into your repository since it may contain user-specific or sensitive information.
{{% /note %}}

```

poetry config virtualenvs.create false --local
```

{{% note %}}

> Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in `poetry.toml` file,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Your local configuration of Poetry application is stored in the `poetry.toml` file,
```
